README.md, before:

# [Solid](https://solidjs.com) + [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) + [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) + [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) Starter

A starter template for Solid that comes preconfigured with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/),
[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), HMR and file based routing.

## Features

- ⚡️ [Solid](https://solidjs.com) & [Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) - Easy win in performance.

- 🗂 [File based routing](https://github.com/AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite-router/tree/master/src/pages)

- 🎨 [Tailwind CSS](https://github.com/windicss/windicss) - A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.

- 💪 [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - it's JavaScript with syntax for types so it have superpowers 🚀

- 👌 [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) + [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - ESLint find problems in your code and Prettier format your code for an easy life.

<br>

## Try it now!

### GitHub Template

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite-router/generate)

### Clone to local

If you prefer to do it manually with the cleaner git history

```bash
npx degit AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite-router my-app
cd my-app
npm install # or pnpm install or yarn install
```

## Checklist

When you use this template, follow the checklist to update your info properly

- [ ] Rename `name`, `version` and `author` field in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `LICENSE`
- [ ] Remove the `renovate.json` which contains the renovate config
- [ ] Clean up the READMEs
- [ ] Enjoy 😉

## Usage

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

Builds the app for production to the `dist` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles Solid in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Deployment

You can deploy the `dist` folder to any static host provider (netlify, surge, now, etc.)


## Variations

The following list provides maintained templates variations with different preferences and feature sets.

- [**solid-tailwind-ts-vite**](https://github.com/AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite) - The base for this template

- [solidjs/templates](https://github.com/solidjs/templates) - Solid templates created by Solid Team

Commit message:

Update to Vite 3 (#57)
* Update README.md

* Update configs

* Update dependencies

* Update Github action

README.md, after:

# [Solid](https://solidjs.com) + [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) + [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) + [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) Starter

A starter template for Solid that comes preconfigured with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/),
[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), HMR and file based routing.

## Features

- ⚡️ [Solid](https://solidjs.com) & [Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite) - Simple and performant reactivity for building user interfaces.

- 🗂 [File based routing](https://github.com/AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite-router/tree/master/src/pages)

- 🎨 [Tailwind CSS](https://github.com/windicss/windicss) - A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.

- 💪 [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - it's JavaScript with syntax for types.

- 👌 [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) + [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - ESLint find problems in your code and Prettier format your code for an easy life.

<br>

## Try it now!

### GitHub Template

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite-router/generate)

### Clone to local

If you prefer to do it manually with the cleaner git history

```bash
npx degit AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite-router my-app
cd my-app
npm install # or pnpm install or yarn install
```

## Checklist

When you use this template, follow the checklist to update your info properly

- [ ] Rename `name`, `version` and `author` field in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `LICENSE`
- [ ] Clean up the READMEs
- [ ] Optional: Remove the `.github` folder which contains the github actions and the renovate config
- [ ] Enjoy 😉

## Usage

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload automatically if you make edits.<br>

### Build

```bash
npm run build
```

Builds the app for production to the `dist` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles Solid in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Deployment

You can deploy the `dist` folder to any static host provider (netlify, surge, now, etc.)


## Variations

The following list provides maintained templates variations with different preferences and feature sets.

- [**solid-tailwind-ts-vite**](https://github.com/AR10Dev/solid-tailwind-ts-vite) - The base for this template

- [**tauri-solid-ts-tailwind-vite**](https://github.com/AR10Dev/tauri-solid-ts-tailwind-vite) - Based on this template, it offers the integration with Tauri

- [solidjs/templates](https://github.com/solidjs/templates) - Solid templates created by Solid Team
